"Implementing a Relational Database in the Processing of Construction Project Documents"

Construction project documents are extensive and complex, and most of those are still carried out with traditional systems. Consequently, it takes much time to process, has low accuracy, cannot be stored for long periods, and makes it difficult for future engineers to access historical data projects for future project planning. The current researchers have responded to this situation by implementing database management. However, it has not had a significant impact on the industrial field. Thus, the study of the application of relational databases through SQL with a different approach, namely integrating project tables such as resource tables, cost items, work items, and project drawings, which are currently being worked on separately. As the output, it would be demonstrated into a supply chain management table (table_3), construction cash flow (table_4), and the quantity take-off management table (table_5). The total project price from the result of the SQL program shown in supply chain and project cash flow tables is IDR 1.42 billion, with a project duration of 109 days. The SCM table describes the types of resources used in the project, including the quantity and price values. Then, the table of CSF contains a list of cost items and the volume and price of work for the budget plan and cash flow plan. Moreover, the QTO table describes the association between cost items and project drawings intended to project surveyors for the quantity take-off management process. Project managers are always required to make decisions for project control appropriately, such as cost estimation, resource planning, and project schedule effectively. Therefore, through those three tables, the authors hope they can help construction practitioners to improve their construction projects efficiently in the future.

#Important notes
1. In construction, there is so much data with its own metric table in each department (finance, engineering, operational, workshop, etc)
2. This project basically wants to simplify them into three tables: supply chain table, construction cashflow table, and quantity take-off table, using SQL techniques
4. We have provided the codes for each table, and also an example of the data.
5. The detailed process can be read in our conference paper with the title mentioned above
